README.md, before:

# Final Project - Earthquake Prediction
### By Ashley, Jason, Kellen, Kimberly, Rosa

## Abstract

Earthquake threat is real, and it affects millions of people everyday. Along with the shock and awe of the shockwave itself, potential tsunamis pose several threats. There have been records of cities and regions damaged by earthquakes that are subsequently destroyed by the tsunami that follows (see Fukushima Incident), resulting in devastating consequences in terms of loss of life and monetary damage. Therefore, we want to help predict when the next earthquake will be, whether it will cause a tsunami, and the probable location of where they will occur or are most likely. Using tools like machine learning libraries and Tableau, we want to tell a story about earthquakes and answer some of the questions we have.

## Data Sources
Instead of gathering data ourselves (very counterproductive), we will be using the data collected by USGS in the following formats:

- Earthquake data from USGS:
    - https://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/feed/v1.0/summary/all_month.geojson
- Earthquake data download from USGS
    - https://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/feed/v1.0/summary/all_month.csv
- Documentation 
    - https://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/feed/v1.0/csv.php

Commit message:

Updated README.md and reorganized sections.
Reorganized with Summary and Methods sections detailing our works throughout the project.

README.md, after:

# Final Project - Earthquake Prediction
### By Ashley, Jason, Kellen, Kimberly, Rosa

## Summary

We wanted to help build a model that predicts the magnitudes and depths of the next earthquakes. We used AWS in conjunction with the PostgreSQL database for data hosting to hold our original, cleaned, and generated dataset. Using machine learning (KNN and Random Forest), we modeled the datasets, which gave us a good look at predicted results that we visualized with Tableau. For presentation, we created a simple webpage that held the screenshots of our codes and the embedded Tableau snippets. 

## Data Sources
Instead of gathering data ourselves (very counterproductive), we will be using the data collected by USGS in the following formats:

- Earthquake data from USGS:
    - https://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/feed/v1.0/summary/all_month.geojson
- Earthquake data download from USGS
    - https://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/feed/v1.0/summary/all_month.csv
- Documentation 
    - https://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/feed/v1.0/csv.php

## Methods

Data ETL - We used Excel, Python, and Pandas to conduct our initial clean up and transformation. We then loaded onto our data server with SQLAlchemy.
Data Modeling - We used both KNN and Random Forest as our machine learning libraries to model our datasets and generate prediction outputs.
Data Visualization - We used Tableau as our visualization tool to generate all our graphs and charts.
